1.What is Microservice?
	Micorservice is architectural style that develops a single application
	as set of small services. Each service runs in its own process.
	Ex:-Ui will use React, Backend will use Java, etc.
	We have several indepnedent applications that run on thier own.

	
2.What is Monolith Architecture?
	i)Monolithic Architecture is like a big container, where all components of app are assembeled and tightly coupled i.e each component fully depends on each other.
	ii)Monolith means composed all in one piece.
https://medium.com/koderlabs/introduction-to-monolithic-architecture-and-microservices-architecture-b211a5955c63

3. What is difference between Monolith and Microservice?(https://www.tutorialspoint.com/difference-between-monolithic-and-microservices-architecture#)
	Monolithic architecture  is built as one large system and is usually one code-base.
	 Monolithic application is tightly coupled and entangled as the application evolves, making it difficult to isolate services
	 for purposes such as independent scaling or code maintainability.It extremely difficult to change technology or language or 
	 framework because everything is tightly coupled and depend on each other.

	Microservices architecture is built as small independent module based on business functionality. 
	In microservices application, each project and services are independent from each other at the code level. 
	Therefore it is easy to  configure and deploy completely and also easy to scale based on demand.
1
Basic
Monolithic architecture is built as one large system and is usually one code-base
Microservices architecture is built as small independent module based on business functionality
2
Scale
It is not easy to scale based on demand
It is easy to scale based on demand.
3
Database
It has shared database
Each project and module has their own database
4
Deployment
Large code base makes IDE slow and build time gets increase.
Each project is independent and small in size. So overall build and development time gets decrease.
5
Tightly Coupled and Loosely coupled
It extremely difficult to change technology or language or framework because everything is tightly coupled and depend on each other
Easy to change technology or framework because every module and project is independent	

4. Why do we need a useEffect Hook?
	We need useState hook beacuse we need our component need to do
	something after rendering.For ex: fetching data, directly updating the DOM,timer,etc
   useEffect accepts two arguments. The second argument is optional.

useEffect(<function>, <dependency>)

5. What is optional Chaning?
	Optional The optional chaining operator ?. takes the reference to its left and checks if it is undefined or null. 
	If the reference is either of these nullish values, the checks will stop and return undefined. 
	Optional chaining is particularly useful when working with API data. If you're not sure
	 whether an optional property exists, you can reach for optional chaining.

	 // The following will equate to undefined instead of an error
		const currentAddress = person.location?.address

6. What is Shimmer UI?
	Shimmer UI resembles the actual page's UI, so users will understand
	hpw quickly web or mobile app will load even before content has shown up.

7. What is difference between JS Expression and JS Statement?	
	Expression is something that return the value.
	Ex:-5*10
	Statement is instruction for computer to do something.
	Ex:- let hi =5;

8. What is Conditional rendering,explain with a code example.
	Conditional rendering is same as conditions in Javascript.

	condition? true:false

	Ex:-
	render() {
  const isLoggedIn = this.state.isLoggedIn;
  return (
    <div>
      The user is <b>{isLoggedIn ? 'currently' : 'not'}</b> logged in.
    </div>
  );
}

9. What is CORS?
	CORS is Cross Origin Resource Sharing is HTTP header based mechanism
	that allows server to indicate any origin other than its own.

10.	What is async and await?
	The keyword async before a function makes the function return a promise:
	The await keyword can only be used inside an async function.
	The await keyword makes the function pause the execution and wait for a resolved promise before it continues:

11. What is the use of `const json=await data.json();` in getRestaurants();
	It is method of Response object that allows JSON object to be 
	extracted from the response.